NodeJS Routes lesson: Fix outdated link (#31175)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: nodeJS/express/routing.md

"/foo{/bar}/baz"
```

> With `*` (a "splat" or "wildcard"), we can match any number of any characters. [Splats in Express paths must always be followed by a name](https://expressjs.com/en/guide/migrating-5.html#path-route-matching-syntax).

Reviewer: Thanks for spotting this. We can actually update it with the wildcard bit of the docs now; the existing link was from when the v4-v5 docs were still kinda merged, and the migration guide was the place with the clearest info.
```suggestion
With `*` (a "splat" or "wildcard"), we can match any number of any characters. [Splats in Express paths must always be followed by a name](https://expressjs.com/en/5x/guide/routing/#wildcards).
```

Author: Yeah I was wondering what was the reason for linking the migration guide instead of the docs so this makes much more sense.
